Node operators: Using Visor (#457)
vegaprotocol/documentation: docs/node-operators/get-started/setup-server.md

See the [infrastructure requirements](../requirements/infrastructure.md) page for a full list of what you need to run various parts of the Vega toolchain.

## Use the pre-built binaries

> One way to set up a Vega node is to use the pre-built binaries. You'll use: Vega, Vega Wallet, Visor (optional - for easier protocol upgrades), and data node (optional).

Reviewer: Just a note - Vega, Vega Wallet and data node are all subcommands of a vega binary.

> One way to set up a Vega node is to use the pre-built binaries. You'll use: Vega, Vega Wallet, Visor (optional - for easier protocol upgrades), and data node (optional).

Author: ```suggestion
One way to set up a Vega node is to use the pre-built binaries. You'll use 'Vega', as well as the following features that are subcommands of the Vega binary: Vega Wallet, Visor (optional - for easier protocol upgrades), and data node (optional - for storing and supplying data).
```

:::note In order to run the `vega` command from any folder you should move the binary to a folder that is in your PATH.

### Install Visor

> Visor manages protocol upgrades, allowing the nodes running a network to automatically update to the latest version of the Vega protocol, without requiring manual intervention. Using Visor is optional, but recommended. 

Reviewer: "automatically update to the latest version" - > "automatically update to the latest agreed version" maybe??
"without requiring manual intervention" - > "without requiring manual intervention at the time of upgrade"

> Visor manages protocol upgrades, allowing the nodes running a network to automatically update to the latest version of the Vega protocol, without requiring manual intervention. Using Visor is optional, but recommended. 

Author: ```suggestion
Visor manages protocol upgrades, allowing the nodes running a network to automatically update to the latest agreed version of the Vega protocol, without requiring manual intervention at the upgrade time. Using Visor is optional, but recommended. 
```

> Download and install the [Visor binary ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/releases) that matches the release version you built.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download and install the [Visor binary ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/releases) that matches the release version of Vega you built.
```
?

> 

Author: ```suggestion
#### Prerequisite
```

Read detailed information about Vega Visor, including how it works, how the config is set up and how you can edit it in the [full software description ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/tree/develop/visor#readme).

> You can also read the [architecture overview ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/tree/develop/visor#architecture) and [upgrade flow ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/tree/develop/visor#upgrade-flow) topics in the Visor readme before setting it up.

Reviewer: Can we maybe have it more of a serious recommendation kind of form?

> You can also read the [architecture overview ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/tree/develop/visor#architecture) and [upgrade flow ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/tree/develop/visor#upgrade-flow) topics in the Visor readme before setting it up.

Author: ```suggestion
See the [architecture overview ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/tree/develop/visor#architecture) and [upgrade flow ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/tree/develop/visor#upgrade-flow) topics in the Visor readme before setting it up.
```
